Add V2 PhysicalContainerNetwork resource and controller (#226)
microsoft/dcp: docs/v2-resource-plan.md

- Condition messages carry instance-specific diagnostics, but consumers should not need to parse a message to determine the cause category.
- V2 status types must not define top-level `status.message` fields. Explanatory and diagnostic text belongs in the message of the condition reporting the corresponding state.
- Controller status helpers should use shared target-first setters such as `setValue(&field, value)` and `setTimestamp(&field, value)`.

> - Distinguish recoverable from terminal failures. Status setters return `noChange` when a failure repeats identically, and without a watch subscription or a periodic cache resync that leaves a resource wedged with no pending reconciliation. Recoverable failures should return `additionalReconciliationNeeded` and reconcile at `LongDelay`, matching how V1 paces an unhealthy runtime; terminal failures should not requeue at all. All delays carry jitter, so retrying resources do not poll the runtime in lockstep.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Distinguish recoverable from terminal failures. Recoverable failures should return `additionalReconciliationNeeded` and reconcile at `LongDelay`. Terminal failures should be handled by stetting the object phase (part of Status) to appropriate terminal phase with no additional reconciliation. All delays should include jitter, so retrying resources do not poll the runtime in lockstep (jitter is automatically added by reconciler base methods).
```

Author: Addressed. The guideline now distinguishes recoverable and terminal failures, requires explicit requeueing for repeated recoverable failures, uses `LongDelay`, and records that all reconciliation delays carry jitter.

### References and watches

- V2 API reference fields use string values formatted as `<name>` or `<namespace>/<name>`.
- Controllers normalize references to `types.NamespacedName`.

> - Name-only references resolve within the referring resource's namespace. Explicit namespaces must match it unless cross-namespace references are supported.

Reviewer: I think we should support cross-namespace references as a default. 

What would be an example of a reference between objects that would be problematic as a cross-namespace reference?

Author: Based on our offline coversation, I updated the resource plan to call out that all resource reference fields should have doc comments that explicitly call out whether they allow cross-namespace references or not.
